Run `+tuned-adm list+` to confirm our new `+mssql-multi+` profile shows
up

[source,bash]
----
tuned-adm list
----

Available profiles: - accelerator-performance - Throughput performance
based tuning with disabled higher latency STOP states - balanced -
General non-specialized tuned profile - desktop - Optimize for the
desktop use-case - hpc-compute - Optimize for HPC compute workloads -
intel-sst - Configure for Intel Speed Select Base Frequency -
latency-performance - Optimize for deterministic performance at the cost
of increased power consumption - mssql - Optimize for Microsoft SQL
Server - mssql-multi - MSSQL profile for multi-instance -
network-latency - Optimize for deterministic performance at the cost of
increased power consumption, focused on low latency network performance
- network-throughput - Optimize for streaming network throughput,
generally only necessary on older CPUs or 40G+ networks -
optimize-serial-console - Optimize for serial console use. - powersave -
Optimize for low power consumption - throughput-performance - Broadly
applicable tuning that provides excellent performance across a variety
of common server workloads - virtual-guest - Optimize for running inside
a virtual guest - virtual-host - Optimize for running KVM guests Current
active profile: virtual-guest

....

We can see our new mssql-multi profile is Available, so let's go ahead and activate it

```bash
tuned-adm profile mssql-multi
....

If we run `+tuned-adm active+` we should see that our active profile is
mssql-multi now.

[source,bash]
----
tuned-adm active
----

In order to validate that our custom override is working we can check
the value of transparent_hugepages

[source,bash]
----
cat /sys/kernel/mm/transparent_hugepage/enabled
----

In the output, it should show the bracket around madvise

always [madvise] never ```

And that is it! You now have a good understanding of the benefits of
TuneD and the knowledge to create and use custom and static TuneD
profiles!

Some more great resources: - [RHEL 9 Monitoring and Performance Guide]
(https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/9/html/monitoring_and_managing_system_status_and_performance/index)
- [Getting started with TuneD]
(https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/red_hat_enterprise_linux/8/html/monitoring_and_managing_system_status_and_performance/getting-started-with-tuned_monitoring-and-managing-system-status-and-performance)
